minor update to remove the word current (#86)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Anypoint B2B enables Mule users to connect with trading partners using EDI over AS2, FTP, and other protocols. Anypoint B2B integrates seamlessly into the Mule runtime.

[NOTE]

> Support for Anypoint Partner Manager 1.0 will continue in accordance with the https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/support-maintenance-terms[Product Support and Maintenance Terms] but is not available for new customers or upgrades. For the latest version of Anypoint Partner Manager, see https://docs.mulesoft.com/partner-manager/2.0/[About Partner Manager] documentation. Contact your MuleSoft representative for the latest information about MuleSoft's B2B solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for Anypoint Partner Manager 1.0 continues in accordance with the https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/support-maintenance-terms[Product Support and Maintenance Terms] but is not available for new customers or upgrades. For the latest version of Anypoint Partner Manager, see https://docs.mulesoft.com/partner-manager/2.0/[About Partner Manager] documentation. Contact your MuleSoft representative for the latest information about MuleSoft B2B solutions.
```
